PRIS-160: Allow CSV files as source for provisioning (#61)
OpenNMS/opennms-provisioning-integration-server: docs/modules/sources/pages/csv.adoc

= CSV Source

> The `xls` source can also create a requisition from a UTF-8 encoded comma separated variable (CSV) file if the given file name has the `.csv` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `xls` source can also create a requisition from a UTF-8 encoded, comma-separated variable (CSV) file if the given file name has the `.csv` suffix.
```

> In this case the first line of the csv file should contain a comma separated list of headers in the same way the spreadsheet should be configured in a normal xls source. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case the first line of the CSV file should contain a comma-separated list of headers in the same way the spreadsheet should be configured in a normal XLS source. 
```

> Alternatively, a property can be set containing comma separated set of headers to be is used as the first line of the csv file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set a property containing a comma-separated set of headers to use as the first line of the CSV file.
```

> This allows csv file to be raad which don't have a header line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets {page-component-title} read CSV files that do not have a header.
```

[options="header",autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter         | Required | Description

> | `source`          | *        | set `xls` to use the XLS source for this requisition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `source`          | *        | Set `xls` to use the XLS source for this requisition.
```
We are formatting tables differently in the main docs now, but no point in updating it here until we're ready to update the entire PRIS documentation.

> | `source.file`     | *        | path of the CSV file to read relative to the `requisition.properties`.Note the file name must end with `.csv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `source.file`     | *        | Path of the CSV file to read relative to the `requisition.properties`.
Note that the file name must end with `.csv`.
```

> | `source.org.opennms.pris.spreadsheet.fields` |          | If this property is not present, the first line of the csv file is used as the column headers in the same way as in the xls data source. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `source.org.opennms.pris.spreadsheet.fields` |          | If this property is not present, the first line of the CSV file is used as the column headers in the same way as in the XLS data source. 
```

> If this property is set, value of this field should be a comma separated set of headers to be used instead of using the first line of the csv file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this property is set, the value of this field should be a comma-separated set of headers to use instead of using the first line of the CSV file.
```

|===

> The structure of the csv file should follow the same rules and use the same headers as in the xls data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of the CSV file should follow the same rules and use the same headers as in the XLS data source.
```

> However, any columns which would contain comma separated values in a spreadsheet must have the contents delineated using a semicolon ';' character rather than commas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, any columns that would contain comma-separated values in a spreadsheet must have the contents delineated using a semicolon ';' character rather than commas.
```

In the following example, the svc_Forced services ICMP;SNMP are separated using a semicolon.

```
Node_Label,IP_Management,MgmtType_,svc_Forced,cat_Environment
bbone-gw2,10.0.23.2,P,ICMP;SNMP,Backbone
```

> Example configuration for the requisition myinventory from a csv file myinventory.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example configuration for the requisition `myinventory` from a CSV file `myinventory.csv`:
```

[source,bash]
----
include::example$csv/requisitions/myinventory/requisition.properties[]
----

> Example configuration for the requisition myinventory-noheaders from a csv file myinventory-noheaders.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example configuration for the requisition `myinventory-noheaders` from a CSV file `myinventory-noheaders.csv`:
```

> This has a source.org.opennms.pris.spreadsheet.fields property set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example has a `source.org.opennms.pris.spreadsheet.fields` property set:
```
